ממחשבה ראשונה - אתם צרכים API ל:
- להבין איך משתמשים ב MONGODB 
- OPENAI 4o	
- טיסות
- מלונות
- כרטיסים לאטרקציות - בדיקה של זמנים פנויים לאטרקציות - מניח שאפשר לעשות את זה עם trip advisor או במקרה הרע playwright MCP 
- דרכי נסיעה - API לתחבצ או השכרת רכבים
- סוכן ראשי שיודע לתכנן אסטרטגיה לפי קלט של המשתמש ויודע לטרגט מטרות מסוימות - נגיד לפי תקציב וכו'
- מזג אוויר
- מסעדות


workflow user expirience:
ask user for source and destination, and days spent in vacation, and date (where you are currently, and where do you want to go) - support multi locations?
ask user for number of people, and ages (family, babys etc.)
ask user for travel purpose (buisness, pleassure, bachelor party, gambling).
if multi location ask user if he has prefernces of locations order, and time spent in each location - if user says it doesnt matter, agent will decide on partitions.
ask for areas of intrest - so atractions can be chosen accordingly. 
ask user if: loves parks, loves hiking, loves sport, love theaters, love museoms, loves shopping, food alergies, and prompt him to suggest his own
ask user if has spesific location that he wants to visit. if yes - ask if has spesific time that he wants.
ask user if he wants free time allocated (for no scheduled activitys)
if vacation duration is > 10 days - ask user in what format he wants his schedule (daily, bi-daily, weekly)
ask if luggage is needed (also here show the agent suggestion if luggage is needed)


check with agent for flights - 
if all flights are without connection - suggest lowest price
if exists a flight with connetion that is cheaper - prompt user to chose which to take.


after that suggest list of attractions, if user agrees on it, start planning inner-country logistics such as hotels, and public transportation
if he doesnt agrees on it - suggest a new list. prompt user to say exactly what he doesnt like so next suggestion will be more precise.

after agreeing on attraction pool, start planning trip itself
suggest user a schedule
prompt him to say what days he likes, what he doesnt, and what he wants to change.

itinerary (vacation schedule) templates:
includes blocks for food, atractions, transportation - it will be used as a guideline




workflow backend:
if needed to move between countrys - show suggested rout (flight, etc.) - needs to know source country and destination
inner country route - including sleep place, food, atrractions etc. including logistics (moving between locations).
